Directory handling in custom/files (#527)
suse-edge/edge-image-builder: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## General

> * Directories and their contents placed in custom/files are now copied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The "custom files" functionality may now include directories, which will be maintained when copied to the image
```
